most recent news that a ceasefire has
been extended for two days let's speak
to gazi hammed now he's a member of the
Hamas political Bureau a warm welcome to
you firstly let me start by asking you
why Hamas has agreed to continue this
ceasefire for a further two days what
was it about negotiations that led to
this
decision you know this is not a new
think because this is was the uh was
written in the uh the document or the
agreement uh and it said that if Hamas
give more hostages and more captives
there will be more more days of the SE
fire and now I think in along the four
days we have communication with the c
with the Egyptians and I think most
countries many countries are interested
now to extend their ceas fire different
countries and we have seen different
statements that they support the uh
achieving of the ceasefire and I think
now maybe before uh an hour I think we
have agreed to uh to give U more
hostages and to extend the the Seas fire
for to days I think this is uh good news
for our people and U for especially for
people in Gaza they will PR more they
will risk more more in Gaza Street they
can you return gradually to the normal
life I hope we can extend until we reach
the end of this war and aggression in
our people in Gaza so you suggesting
that this could be the start of a
continued ceasefire at least or or a
decision to hold off fighting
indefinitely is that what you suggesting
here yeah I think we are walking in this
issue with different parts we want to
stop the war and the aggression on our
people but as I said now we are in the
tary SE fire we are trying to extend it
from time to time until we reach to the
end of the war I think there is big
support from the uh k
uh government and the Egyptian
government and even Western Government
they want the seire to stop and to allow
for political solution and to end the
aggression and to end this catastrophe
in people in G I hope that we there will
be will from the International Community
to continue to exert more pressure is
right to to end the occupation and to
end the this catastrophe on the
Palestinian Mr HED what what more assur
es have you been given to enable you to
potentially extend the ceasefire Beyond
these two days to keep going
incrementally I think now the position
of Qatar and Egypt and even different
parts I think they will give good
guarantees for the and I can say in the
in the previous uh four days I think we
succeeded to implement agreement maybe
we are not So Satisfied 100% but because
there is some some violation of from the
Israel side regarding the the prisoners
regarding the assistance regarding even
some military activities in the in the
in Gaza St but I think we succeeded to
to move easily and to to achieve the the
agreement or to implement agreement on
the ground I think now I think we will
see the same mechanism in the same way
that for the exchange of the prison and
hisers and also to to to abide to the
Seas fire on the ground to stop all the
military activities so I think it will
move maybe like in the last four days
can you give us a sense of who the
remaining captives are are there more
women are there more children to keep
this exchange to keep this transfer of
captives going I think we are we are
walking now in the preparing the list of
the hostages and the personals we
working day and night on this I think we
have some good team who are working in
this issue I hope that we maybe tonight
will finish your
reading okay gazi hammed a member of
Hamas political Bureau thank you very
much for joining us thank you thank you